---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bytepluscc_bmq_group Data Source - terraform-provider-bytepluscc"
subcategory: "BMQ"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Byteplus::BMQ::Group
---

# bytepluscc_bmq_group (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Byteplus::BMQ::Group



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `created_time` (String) Consumer Group creation time.
- `description` (String) Consumer Group description.
- `group_id` (String) Consumer Group ID.
- `group_name` (String) Set the Consumer Group name manually. Constraints: Only lowercase English letters, numbers, underscores, and hyphens (-) are allowed. Length must be 3–64 characters.
- `instance_id` (String) BMQ instance ID.
- `owner_id` (String) User ID associated with the Consumer Group.
- `owner_name` (String) Name of the user associated with the Consumer Group.
- `reset_info` (Attributes) Reset consumption position information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--reset_info))
- `status` (String) Consumer Group status.
- `topic_infos` (Attributes Set) Topic list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--topic_infos))

<a id="nestedatt--reset_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reset_info`

Read-Only:

- `offset_type` (String) This parameter is required when the reset mode is OFFSET. Specifies the reference consumption position for re-consuming. Options are: EARLIEST: The reference position is the earliest consumption point. CURRENT: The reference position is the current consumption point. LATEST: The reference position is the latest consumption point.
- `partition_id` (Number) Partition number.
- `reset_by` (String) Reset mode. Options are: TIMESTAMP: Reset the consumption position based on a specific time point. Specify a past or future time, and jump directly to the position at that time to start consuming. OFFSET: Reset the consumption position based on a specified offset. Start consuming from the specified position, and you can use the offsetType parameter to specify the offset.
- `reset_value` (Number) Reset value. If the reset mode is TIMESTAMP, this value is the time point for re-consuming messages, for example, 1722224612000. If the reset mode is OFFSET, this value is the relative offset from the reference position specified in OffsetType, for example, 100.
- `topic_id` (String) Topic ID。


<a id="nestedatt--topic_infos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topic_infos`

Read-Only:

- `create_time` (String) Topic creation time.
- `description` (String) Topic description.
- `lag` (Number) Number of unconsumed messages in the Topic.
- `partition_infos` (Attributes Set) Partition list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--topic_infos--partition_infos))
- `partitions` (Number) Number of Topic partitions.
- `retention` (Number) Retention period of data in the Topic, in hours.
- `status` (String) Topic status.
- `topic_id` (String) Topic ID。
- `topic_name` (String) Topic name.

<a id="nestedatt--topic_infos--partition_infos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `topic_infos.partition_infos`

Read-Only:

- `current_offset` (Number) Current consumption position.
- `group_name` (String) Name of the Consumer Group.
- `lag` (Number) Number of unconsumed messages in the partition.
- `latest_offset` (Number) Latest consumption position.
- `partition_id` (Number) Partition number.
- `topic_name` (String) Name of the Topic subscribed by the Consumer Group.
