---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bytepluscc_fwcenter_nat_fire_wall_control_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-bytepluscc"
subcategory: "FWCenter"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Byteplus::FWCenter::NatFireWallControlPolicy
---

# bytepluscc_fwcenter_nat_fire_wall_control_policy (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Byteplus::FWCenter::NatFireWallControlPolicy



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) User's unique identifier ID.
- `action` (String) Policy action. accept: allow; deny: deny; monitor: observe.
- `description` (String) Description of the policy.
- `dest_port` (String) Destination port, either a single port or a port range (e.g., 22/22, 100/200). If DestPortType is group, provide a list of port address book UUIDs, separated by commas. Leave blank if the protocol is ICMP or ANY.
- `dest_port_group_type` (String) Destination port book type.
- `dest_port_list` (Set of String) Destination port list.
- `dest_port_list_v1` (Attributes Set) Destination port list (structured). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dest_port_list_v1))
- `dest_port_type` (String) Destination port type. port: port; group: port address book.
- `destination` (String) Destination address. The value depends on DestinationType: if net, use the destination CIDR address; if group, use the destination address book UUID. Separate multiple address books with commas.
- `destination_cidr_list` (Set of String) Destination CIDR list.
- `destination_cidr_list_v1` (Attributes Set) Destination CIDR list (structured). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_cidr_list_v1))
- `destination_domain_list` (Set of String) Destination domain name list.
- `destination_group_type` (String) Destination address book type.
- `destination_type` (String) Destination address type, used to specify the format and source of the destination address in the access control policy. net: destination network segment (CIDR format); group: destination address book (UUID format).
- `direction` (String) Policy direction, used to specify the traffic direction for the access control policy. in: inbound; out: outbound.
- `effect_status` (Number) Status of the access control policy. Values: 1: Inactive; 2: Deploying; 3: Active.
- `end_time` (Number) Policy end timestamp. This field is not required when RepeatType is Permanent. When RepeatType is Once, Daily, Weekly, or Monthly, this field must be provided.
- `hit_cnt` (Number) Hit count, indicating the number of times this policy has been triggered.
- `is_effected` (Boolean) Whether the policy is effective.
- `last_hit_time` (Number) Last hit timestamp, indicating the last time this policy was triggered.
- `nat_firewall_id` (String) NAT border firewall instance ID.
- `prio` (Number) Policy priority. A lower value indicates a higher priority. By default, the priority is set to the highest. 0: lowest priority; 1: highest priority. When modifying, the minimum value for this parameter is 1.
- `proto` (String) Protocol type. ICMP: ICMP protocol; TCP: TCP protocol; UDP: UDP protocol; ANY: any protocol.
- `repeat_days` (Set of Number) Repeat cycle. This field is not required when RepeatType is Daily. When RepeatType is Weekly, the value range is [0, 6], corresponding to Sunday through Saturday. When RepeatType is Monthly, the value range is [1, 31], corresponding to the days of the month.
- `repeat_end_time` (String) Repeat end time. This field is required when RepeatType is Daily, Weekly, or Monthly. Accurate to the minute, format: hh:mm.
- `repeat_start_time` (String) Repeat start time. This field is required when RepeatType is Daily, Weekly, or Monthly. Accurate to the minute, format: hh:mm.
- `repeat_type` (String) Policy repeat type. Permanent: always effective; Once: effective only once; Daily: effective every day; Weekly: effective every week; Monthly: effective every month.
- `rule_id` (String) Unique ID of the access control policy.
- `source` (String) Source address. The format varies based on the value of SourceType. If SourceType is net, use a CIDR address; if SourceType is group, use the UUID of the source address book; if SourceType is location, use the region code.
- `source_cidr_list` (Set of String) Source CIDR list.
- `source_cidr_list_v1` (Attributes Set) Source CIDR list (structured). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_cidr_list_v1))
- `source_group_type` (String) Source address book type.
- `source_type` (String) Source address type, used to specify the format and source of the source address in the access control policy. net: source network segment (CIDR format); group: source address book (UUID format); location: source region (region code format).
- `start_time` (Number) Policy start timestamp. This field is not required when RepeatType is Permanent. When RepeatType is Once, Daily, Weekly, or Monthly, this field must be provided.
- `status` (Boolean) Policy switch status. false: off; true: on.
- `update_time` (Number) Policy update timestamp.
- `use_count` (Number) Number of policies occupied by this policy.

<a id="nestedatt--dest_port_list_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dest_port_list_v1`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Specific address information.
- `description` (String) Description.
- `type` (String) Address type. ip: IPv4; ipv6: IPv6; domain: domain name; port: port.


<a id="nestedatt--destination_cidr_list_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_cidr_list_v1`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Specific address information.
- `description` (String) Description.
- `type` (String) Address type. ip: IPv4; ipv6: IPv6; domain: domain name; port: port.


<a id="nestedatt--source_cidr_list_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_cidr_list_v1`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Specific address information.
- `description` (String) Description.
- `type` (String) Address type. ip: IPv4; ipv6: IPv6; domain: domain name; port: port.
