---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bytepluscc_kms_key_material Data Source - terraform-provider-bytepluscc"
subcategory: "KMS"
description: |-
  Data Source schema for Byteplus::KMS::KeyMaterial
---

# bytepluscc_kms_key_material (Data Source)

Data Source schema for Byteplus::KMS::KeyMaterial



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.

### Read-Only

- `encrypted_key_material` (String) The key material obtained after the user encrypts using the import public key, encoded in Base64; this value is passed directly to the ImportKeyMaterial interface.
- `expiration_model` (String) Key material expiration type. Values: KEY_MATERIAL_DOES_NOT_EXPIRE (default), KEY_MATERIAL_EXPIRES.
- `import_token` (String) The import token obtained after the user calls the interface to retrieve import parameters; this value is passed directly to the ImportKeyMaterial interface.
- `key_id` (String) Unique identifier of the target master key in UUID format; the Origin of this key must be External.
- `key_material_expire_time` (String) The expiration time of the key material recorded by the server after import; if the material does not expire, this field is an empty string.
- `key_state` (String) Current status of the target master key. Values: Enable, Disable, PendingDelete, Archived, PendingImport, PendingReplicaDelete.
- `origin` (String) Source of the target master key. Values: CloudKMS, External, ExternalKeyStore. The KeyMaterial resource is only valid for keys with External origin.
- `valid_to` (Number) Key material expiration time, Unix timestamp in seconds; required when the ExpirationModel parameter is set to KEY_MATERIAL_EXPIRES. Must be a time after the current moment, based on server time.
