---
page_title: "bytepluscc_fwcenter_nat_fire_wall_control_policy Resource - terraform-provider-bytepluscc"
subcategory: "FWCenter"
description: |-
  NAT border firewall access control policy.
---

# bytepluscc_fwcenter_nat_fire_wall_control_policy (Resource)

NAT border firewall access control policy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bytepluscc_fwcenter_nat_fire_wall_control_policy" "Example" {
  nat_firewall_id   = "nfw-yepxxxxxxx4vvsxpfs"
  direction         = "in"
  action            = "accept"
  proto             = "TCP"
  source            = "0.0.0.0/0"
  source_type       = "net"
  destination       = "0.0.0.0/0"
  destination_type  = "net"
  dest_port         = "60000"
  dest_port_type    = "port"
  description       = "this is a test"
  prio              = 1
  repeat_type       = "Weekly"
  repeat_days       = [2, 3]
  repeat_start_time = "02:00"
  repeat_end_time   = "04:00"
  start_time        = 1782662400
  end_time          = 1782921540
  status            = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (String) Policy action. accept: allow; deny: deny; monitor: observe.
- `destination` (String) Destination address. The value depends on DestinationType: if net, use the destination CIDR address; if group, use the destination address book UUID. Separate multiple address books with commas.
- `destination_type` (String) Destination address type, used to specify the format and source of the destination address in the access control policy. net: destination network segment (CIDR format); group: destination address book (UUID format).
- `direction` (String) Policy direction, used to specify the traffic direction for the access control policy. in: inbound; out: outbound.
- `nat_firewall_id` (String) NAT border firewall instance ID.
- `proto` (String) Protocol type. ICMP: ICMP protocol; TCP: TCP protocol; UDP: UDP protocol; ANY: any protocol.
- `source` (String) Source address. The format varies based on the value of SourceType. If SourceType is net, use a CIDR address; if SourceType is group, use the UUID of the source address book; if SourceType is location, use the region code.
- `source_type` (String) Source address type, used to specify the format and source of the source address in the access control policy. net: source network segment (CIDR format); group: source address book (UUID format); location: source region (region code format).

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the policy.
- `dest_port` (String) Destination port, either a single port or a port range (e.g., 22/22, 100/200). If DestPortType is group, provide a list of port address book UUIDs, separated by commas. Leave blank if the protocol is ICMP or ANY.
- `dest_port_type` (String) Destination port type. port: port; group: port address book.
- `end_time` (Number) Policy end timestamp. This field is not required when RepeatType is Permanent. When RepeatType is Once, Daily, Weekly, or Monthly, this field must be provided.
- `prio` (Number) Policy priority. A lower value indicates a higher priority. By default, the priority is set to the highest. 0: lowest priority; 1: highest priority. When modifying, the minimum value for this parameter is 1.
- `repeat_days` (Set of Number) Repeat cycle. This field is not required when RepeatType is Daily. When RepeatType is Weekly, the value range is [0, 6], corresponding to Sunday through Saturday. When RepeatType is Monthly, the value range is [1, 31], corresponding to the days of the month.
- `repeat_end_time` (String) Repeat end time. This field is required when RepeatType is Daily, Weekly, or Monthly. Accurate to the minute, format: hh:mm.
- `repeat_start_time` (String) Repeat start time. This field is required when RepeatType is Daily, Weekly, or Monthly. Accurate to the minute, format: hh:mm.
- `repeat_type` (String) Policy repeat type. Permanent: always effective; Once: effective only once; Daily: effective every day; Weekly: effective every week; Monthly: effective every month.
- `start_time` (Number) Policy start timestamp. This field is not required when RepeatType is Permanent. When RepeatType is Once, Daily, Weekly, or Monthly, this field must be provided.
- `status` (Boolean) Policy switch status. false: off; true: on.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) User's unique identifier ID.
- `dest_port_group_type` (String) Destination port book type.
- `dest_port_list` (Set of String) Destination port list.
- `dest_port_list_v1` (Attributes Set) Destination port list (structured).
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dest_port_list_v1))
- `destination_cidr_list` (Set of String) Destination CIDR list.
- `destination_cidr_list_v1` (Attributes Set) Destination CIDR list (structured).
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_cidr_list_v1))
- `destination_domain_list` (Set of String) Destination domain name list.
- `destination_group_type` (String) Destination address book type.
- `effect_status` (Number) Status of the access control policy. Values: 1: Inactive; 2: Deploying; 3: Active.
- `hit_cnt` (Number) Hit count, indicating the number of times this policy has been triggered.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `is_effected` (Boolean) Whether the policy is effective.
- `last_hit_time` (Number) Last hit timestamp, indicating the last time this policy was triggered.
- `rule_id` (String) Unique ID of the access control policy.
- `source_cidr_list` (Set of String) Source CIDR list.
- `source_cidr_list_v1` (Attributes Set) Source CIDR list (structured).
 Important Note: When using SetNestedAttribute, you must fully define all attributes of its nested structure. Incomplete definitions may cause Terraform to detect unexpected differences during plan comparison, triggering unnecessary resource updates and affecting resource stability and predictability. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source_cidr_list_v1))
- `source_group_type` (String) Source address book type.
- `update_time` (Number) Policy update timestamp.
- `use_count` (Number) Number of policies occupied by this policy.

<a id="nestedatt--dest_port_list_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dest_port_list_v1`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Specific address information.
- `description` (String) Description.
- `type` (String) Address type. ip: IPv4; ipv6: IPv6; domain: domain name; port: port.


<a id="nestedatt--destination_cidr_list_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_cidr_list_v1`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Specific address information.
- `description` (String) Description.
- `type` (String) Address type. ip: IPv4; ipv6: IPv6; domain: domain name; port: port.


<a id="nestedatt--source_cidr_list_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source_cidr_list_v1`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Specific address information.
- `description` (String) Description.
- `type` (String) Address type. ip: IPv4; ipv6: IPv6; domain: domain name; port: port.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import bytepluscc_fwcenter_nat_fire_wall_control_policy.example "nat_firewall_id|direction|rule_id"
```
