---
page_title: "bytepluscc_tls_download_task Resource - terraform-provider-bytepluscc"
subcategory: "TLS"
description: |-
  Log download task, used to export log data retrieved from a log topic as a file for user download.
---

# bytepluscc_tls_download_task (Resource)

Log download task, used to export log data retrieved from a log topic as a file for user download.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bytepluscc_tls_download_task" "Example" {
  topic_id         = "22fca26e-xxxxx-a3ca-a9bb6d3fb9bd"
  task_name        = "task-saie"
  query            = ""
  start_time       = 1767196800000
  end_time         = 1783585260783
  compression      = "gzip"
  data_format      = "json"
  limit            = 2000
  sort             = "desc"
  task_type        = 0
  allow_incomplete = false
  log_context_infos = {
    source         = ""
    context_flow   = ""
    package_offset = 0
  }
  must_complete = true

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `compression` (String) Compression format of the exported file. none: no compression. Recommended only for small data volumes. gzip: compress using gzip format. ip: compress using ip format.
- `data_format` (String) Exported file format. Supported values: csv: CSV format. json: JSON format. jsonl: JSONL format.
- `end_time` (Number) Query end time, accurate to the millisecond. Unix timestamp format, representing the number of milliseconds since 1970-1-1 00:00:00 UTC.
- `limit` (Number) Number of original log entries downloaded, or number of rows in the analysis result.
- `sort` (String) Log sorting order when only retrieving without analysis. asc: ascending. desc: descending.
- `start_time` (Number) Query start time, accurate to the millisecond. Unix timestamp format, representing the number of milliseconds since 1970-1-1 00:00:00 UTC.
- `task_name` (String) Download task name. Length range: 1–63 characters.
- `topic_id` (String) Log topic ID to which the download task belongs.

### Optional

- `allow_incomplete` (Boolean) Whether to allow approximate results when the query statement cannot be calculated precisely.
- `end_time_str` (String) Query end time.
- `log_context_infos` (Attributes) Download the log information required for context queries, including the source host, LogGroup ID, and the log's sequence number within the LogGroup. Set this parameter when TaskType is 2. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--log_context_infos))
- `must_complete` (Boolean) Whether to use fully accurate query results for download. true: use fully accurate query results to ensure the downloaded log data exactly matches the query conditions. false: full accuracy is not required; allows downloading log data that may not exactly match the query conditions.
- `query` (String) Query statement for analysis, with a maximum length of 4 KiB.
- `start_time_str` (String) Query start time.
- `task_type` (Number) Type of logs to download. 0: download search-type logs. 1: download analysis-type logs. 2: download context-type logs.

### Read-Only

- `create_time` (String) Download task creation time.
- `id` (String) Uniquely identifies the resource.
- `log_count` (Number) Number of log entries included in the download task.
- `log_size` (Number) Total size of logs included in the download task, in bytes.
- `task_id` (String) Download task ID.
- `task_status` (String) Download task status, indicating the generation status of the log archive file. Includes: creating: file is being generated. created_cut: file has been partially generated. success: file has been generated. wait: waiting. fail: failed.

<a id="nestedatt--log_context_infos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `log_context_infos`

Optional:

- `context_flow` (String) LogGroup ID to which the log context belongs.
- `package_offset` (Number) Specifies the log index in the LogGroup.
- `source` (String) Host of the log source.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import bytepluscc_tls_download_task.example "topic_id|task_id"
```
